Train single class models (#25)
WayScience/phenotypic_profiling_model: 2.train_model/README.md

> In this module, we train ML models to predict phenotypic class from cell features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this module, we trained ML models to predict phenotypic classes from cell features.
```

Author: I think the tense I used is correct here... maybe @gwaybio can confirm? If this isn't correct I will have to address it in the rest of the modules as well.

I remember when I settled for this tense and voice I was following the [Cell Health](https://github.com/broadinstitute/cell-health/tree/master/0.download-data) example. For example:
> In this module, we download all single-cell Cell Painting profiles generated for the Cell Health project.

Reviewer 2: Consistency is the most important. I tend to prefer present tense in analysis repositories, but past tense in papers.

> In [train_multi_class_models.ipynb](train_multi_class_models.ipynb), we train models to predict which phenotypic class the cell features are from out of 15 possible classes (anaphase, metaphase, apoptosis, etc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In [train_multi_class_models.ipynb](train_multi_class_models.ipynb), we are training models to predict the phenotypic class of the cell features from 15 possible classes (anaphase, metaphase, apoptosis, etc).
```
Feel free to reject suggestions if it does not convery your message.

Author: I kept my verb tense but included your other suggestions in https://github.com/WayScience/phenotypic_profiling_model/pull/25/commits/6038b55195d1339937b3f667eb9ed2400677c875

> In [train_single_class_models.ipynb](train_single_class_models.ipynb), we train models to predict whether or not the cell features are from a particular phenotypic class or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In [train_single_class_models.ipynb](train_single_class_models.ipynb), we are training models to predict whether the cell features are from a particular phenotypic class or not.
```

Author: I kept my verb tense but included your other suggestion in https://github.com/WayScience/phenotypic_profiling_model/pull/25/commits/6038b55195d1339937b3f667eb9ed2400677c875
